if I think something I should say
something whether people like it or not
right shut up people think there's some
sort of like agenda when you make these
decisions of yours
like the way I came out of veganism like
from like a if I wanted to do if I'm
like a business mind perspective or you
know trying to chase something that kind
of perspective I could have done it a
completely different way I could have
teased the audience like maybe I will go
back to veganism one day you know I
could have been I could have done that
you know and I could have made videos
like oh you know trying trying this
again and all this but acts that's just
that's dishonest
I've made my decision and I know what I
want to do right this yeah you know it's
been a it's been quite a long time about
five six months but do you think it was
necessary you know initially when I said
I've been eating meat and [ __ ] and I was
well my thoughts I feel so much better
I'm cured before you know it's a little
bit early in it to really make
a final decision on what you're doing or
to make your mind up that quick ego sort
of rule out the SIBO and all that good
stuff so five six months was definitely
necessary Dave of so I can be sure that
the decision that I made it right and I
do think it is you know I've been eating
this way now for five six months and I
feel [ __ ] [ __ ] part
[Music]
mentally physically just my general
well-being
so simply simple as I you know you
please sitting there like oh my god but
I've been vegan for 18 months and I've
never felt better
Oh time you've been thinking for five
minutes my good on you go on put it
there so cool yeah you know just [ __ ]
give me some time so Jackie you probably
fine and I get it some people you
probably sitting there you know you've
been vegan eight nine plus years and if
you're honest about your health and you
understand you actually genuinely feel
great then [ __ ] why would you change
carry on doing that [ __ ] obviously I
would have done the same the only thing
I achieved from leaving veganism was my
health I achieved better health okay
that's it
I would much rather remain vegan because
everything was going [ __ ] tip-top son
yeah why wouldn't I want to be vegan
girlfriend was vegan but the Sun was
vegan I'm vegan friends at a vegan
YouTube channel
I'd vegan followers why would I want to
stop that the one answer that you know
I'd have to be a [ __ ] fool just to do
that for the craic
yeah no I did it because I thought I
wink and I changed my mind I changed my
perspective you know has it wasn't a fun
journey for me you know the begin of
this year was some fun you think I
enjoyed that you think I wanted to do
that you knows like party music weird
for me I don't I don't want to do
hardware I'm just remained vegan
continue being vegan
I'm not [ __ ] mental I was a bit
[Music]
I've done it purely for my hell and my
son's hell yeah
there I am feed-in my six-year-old son a
buyer of mock meat monkeys mock milk but
odd vegetables you talking potatoes but
the odd peas and [ __ ] carrots of
sweet corn rarely okay what else today
those healthy greens did radiate free
80-odd apples you think that's a healthy
diet